SUBCORPORA 3 - News

TEL AVIV Ñ Amid a tumult of grief and calls for vengeance, one victim has offered a remarkableÊ Ñ and controversial Ñ gesture of peace toward the captors and killers who tore through her community.
Yocheved Lifshitz] , 85, one of the Israeli hostages abducted by Hamas, was being released late Monday when, according to footage released by the militant group, she turned to one of the armed, balaclava-clad militants, shook the personÕs hand and uttered one word: ÒshalomÓ Ñ a Hebrew salutation meaning Òpeace.Ó

ÒI went through hell,Ó Lifshitz said back at a hospital in Tel Aviv early Tuesday.
Her captors beat her in the ribs with sticks, she said, making it difficult to breathe. She was visibly exhausted and physically worn. But she told reporters that she offered the handshake because the Hamas militants Òwere gentle with usÓ while she was imprisoned in theÊ [Òspider webÓ of tunnels] under the Gaza Strip.
Lifshitz said the fighters, whose group is banned as a terrorist organization in the United States, were Òvery kindÓ and Òtook care of all of our needsÓ Ñ from making sure they were well-fed to cleaning their toilets and looking after their Òfemale hygiene.Ó
Israeli officials have condemned the Hamas messaging around her release as nothing more than propaganda, while other observers pointed to the value Hamas may see in treating such a high-profile group of captives with care.Ê
ÒThe State of Israel is happy to see the beloved grandmothers at home, and thanks Egypt and the Red Cross for their assistance,Ó the Israeli government said Tuesday. But Òit is important to refer to the media messages coming out of Hamas,Ó it added. ÒThe issue of freedom of speech or press does not exist in Gaza. Hamas makes sure that anyone who deviates from its lines will bear the consequences,Ó it said.

Lifshitz, a peace activist helping transport Palestinians in Gaza to get treatment in Israeli hospitals, was taken hostage from Nir Oz. The kibbutz about a mile from Gaza was marauded by Hamas militants, who killed or abducted around a quarter of its residents, according to officials. Its isolated position meant it was an easy target for the extremists, who tortured families and burned people alive in their safe rooms, according to first responders who saw the carnage.
Her husband, Oded Lifshitz, a journalist and fellow peace activist, is still being held.
LifshitzÕs grandson, Daniel, told NBCÕs ÒTODAYÓ show Tuesday that he Òfelt such a huge, huge, huge sting in my heart to see her in that situation, knowing that sheÕs been through so much.Ó But he called for continued international pressure to bring home the more than 200 remaining hostages, adding that seeing his grandmother returned made him Òscared for all the peopleÓ still imprisoned.
LifshitzÕs outreach to her Hamas guards will seem beyond charitable to many Israelis. It could not be further from the desire expressed by many here for justice and retribution. The Hamas attack killed more than 1,400 people, a colossal figure in a small country where few if any have escaped grief on some level.
But while Israel has responded by bombarding Gaza, killing more than 5,000 people according to Palestinian health officials, it has so far relented from an expected ground invasion. The White House has been urging its regional ally to allow more time for humanitarian aid to enter the strip, as well as talks to free the hostages.
A kibbutzim peace activist
Even amid this talk of restraint, LifshitzÕs comments make her an outlier and perhaps more representative of the kibbutzim near Gaza, many of whose residents were progressive peace activists like her and more sympathetic to the Palestinian cause than many other Israelis.
ÒMany are center-left, many are activists, many have relations with Palestinians based on equality,Ó said Louis Fishman, an associate professor at Brooklyn College, and author of ÒJews and Palestinians in the Late Ottoman Era 1908-1914, Claiming the Homeland.ÓÊ
If her views are unsurprising for a kibbutzim peace activist, then so is HamasÕ good treatment of its captives, its main bargaining chip, he said.
ÒOf course thatÕs the priority of Hamas to take care of them to use in a prisoner exchange or something else,Ó Fishman said. ÒYes, they were treated humanely, but the thing we need to emphasize first is the tragedy of her experience, the trauma she went through.Ó
Even before the psychological body blow the surprise Hamas attack dealt to their nation, only 15% of Israeli Jews supported the idea of negotiating with Hamas, according toÊ [polling released only last month by the Mitivim think tank]. The most popular opinion, 30%, was the status quo: military ÒdeterrenceÓ in exchange for Òcalm.ÓÊ
ÒTwo decades ago, when there was hope for peace, there was a lot of cross border engagement,Ó said Nimrod Goren, president and founder of Mitivim. ÒThat is gone.Ó
Nevertheless, Lifshitz, who along with her neighbor Nurit Cooper, 79, became the third and fourth captives released by Hamas, is not the first victim of terror to reject urges of reprisal.
In 1987 Northern Ireland, when an Irish Republican Army bomb killed 11 people including Marie Wilson, 20, her father, Gordon Wilson, told the BBC that he bore Òno grudgeÓ toward her killers and said he would Òpray for those people tonight and every night.Ó
He went on to become an internationally renowned peace campaigner, and the incident is seen as a turning point in Òthe TroublesÓ conflict, which ended a decade later.
Pushing for an alternative response
Likewise in Israel, some of the people who lost most in HamasÕ attack are calling for a different approach.
Jonaton Zeigen, son of Vivian Silver, another peace activist also kidnapped in the attack, has been outspoken in disavowing the relentless Israeli bombardment of Gaza, which it says is targeting Hamas but has killed thousands of civilians, many of them children.
ÒI also want to yell and scream and kill, and thatÕs the easy, natural sentiment of humans,Ó he said in an interview with NBC News. ÒBut itÕs not the right thing to do.Ó He added that in Gaza Òwe need to stop the violence now. Vengeance is not a strategy. We need to negotiate, we need to get the captives out.Ó
Magen Inon, whose parents, Bilha and Yakov Inon, were killed by Hamas, has echoed a similar sentiment.
ÒPeople from both sides of the border have good reasons to hate one another,ÓÊ [he wrote last week]. ÒBut this cannot be the only option. My family does not seek revenge.Ó
Likewise Yaakov Argamani, whose daughter, Noa Argamani, was filmed being abducted on the back of a motorcycle, said he does Ònot blame anyone.Ó
ÒIn Gaza, too, families are mourning their children,ÓÊ [he told IsraelÕs Haaretz newspaper. ÒWhat will a few more deaths achieve?Ó
Few if any Israelis would minimize what happened just more than two weeks ago, an event so devastating to the nationÕs sense of security that it will take years to unpack and process. But for now the Lifshitz family seems to be focusing on bringing back more Israelis alive rather than seeking retribution.
Every person Òwho comes back is like a ray of light,Ó Daniel Lifshitz said. But single rays were not enough, he added, Òwe also need a sun.Ó
The off-duty pilot accused of trying toÊ [bring down an Alaska Airlines flight told investigators he had not slept for 40 hours and believed he was having a Ònervous breakdown,Ó and also admitted to the use of psychedelic mushrooms, according to a federal complaint filed Tuesday.
The FBI is investigating whether the off-duty pilot Ñ Joseph Emerson, 44, of California Ñ was under the influence when he tried to shut down the planeÕs engines while sitting in the cockpit of SundayÕs flight from Everett, Washington, to San Francisco, officials told NBC News.

Emerson denied to investigators he had taken any medications before getting on the flight, but spoke about becoming depressed six months ago and said it was his first time taking mushrooms, the complaint said.
ÒI didnÕt feel OK,Ó Emerson said, telling investigators that he was tired and dehydrated, according to the complaint. ÒIt seemed like the pilots werenÕt paying attention to what was going on.Ó
ÒI pulled both emergency shut off handles because I thought I was dreaming and I just wanna wake up,Ó he added. Emerson now faces one count of interfering with flight crew members and attendants, the U.S. AttorneyÕs Office for the District of Oregon said.
He is already being held in an Oregon jail on 167 charges, including 83 counts of attempted murder, and is awaiting an arraignment Tuesday afternoon.

Emerson had been sitting in a flight deck jump seat in the cockpit, which is permitted for pilots who may be commuting between airports.
The federal complaint alleges that Emerson was engaging in Òcasual conversationÓ with the other pilots, discussing the weather and his career with Alaska Airlines, when he attempted to grab two red engine shutoff handles. Emerson threw his headset across the cockpit and told the pilots ÒI am not OKÓ as he reached for the handles, the complaint said.
One of the pilots grabbed EmersonÕs wrists, while the other declared an in-flight emergency. Emerson had to be Òwrestled withÓ for several seconds until he settled down, the pilots told investigators.
Emerson had allegedly tried to pull the engine fire suppression controls, which would have turned off the engines at cruising altitude. (Experts say the ability to quickly turn off an engine may be crucial in emergency situations, such as a fire.)
The off-duty pilot was then forced out of the cockpit, and the other pilots secured the cockpit door.
Flight attendants told investigators that after they were alerted to an issue up front, they went to bring Emerson to the back.
Emerson said, ÒYou need to cuff me right now or itÕs going to be bad,Ó according to the flight attendants.
Flex handcuffs were placed around EmersonÕs wrists. While seated at the back of the plane, he attempted to grab the handle of an emergency exit but was stopped by a flight attendant who placed her hands on top of his, the complaint said.
A flight attendant said Emerson made comments like ÒI messed everything upÓ and acknowledged that he put peopleÕs lives at risk.
Passengers on Flight 2059, operated by Alaska Airlines subsidiary Horizon Air, lauded the crewÕs quick actions and ability to stop Emerson.
ÒI made eye contact with him,Ó passenger Aubrey Gavello said after Emerson was booted from the cockpit and walked to the back of the plane. ÒIt was like one of those soul-chilling, dead in the eyes, just calm and just kind of like he was taking in everyone around him.Ó
About 35 minutes after takeoff, a flight attendant ÒfranticallyÓ alerted passengers over the loudspeaker that Òwe have a situationÓ and that the pilots needed to land the plane, Gavello said.
No details were given, but Gavello said it sounded like a medical-related emergency.
Gavello said she saw the flight attendant and a man, who at the time no one knew was an off-duty pilot, walking from the cockpit to the back of the plane.
She said the man was in zip ties and the flight attendant was Òtrying to calm him down, saying that we were going to get him on the ground and everything was going to be OK.Ó
The man remained seated in the back, Gavello said, and the flight attendant informed the cabin, ÒI just want to let everyone know theyÕre safeÓ and assured the passengers that the plane was not having mechanical issues.
ÒHer second announcement calmed everyone down,Ó Gavello said, Òand then we landed.Ó
The plane made an emergency stop in Portland, where police were waiting to board the aircraft and escort Emerson off.
GavelloÕs boyfriend, Alex Wood, who said he had slept through the ordeal and only woke up when they were landing, had no clue that it was an Alaska Airlines employee accused of putting lives in peril and only learned more details after seeing news reports Monday morning.
ÒItÕs very scary to know that that person was allowed in the cockpit, in the jump seat, where he was sitting,Ó Wood said.
ÒI thought I was being dramatic because I got off the plane and my boyfriend and I werenÕt sitting together, and I was like shaking and he was asleep the whole time, so he didnÕt know,Ó Gavello said. ÒAnd I was like, am I being so dramatic or was that really traumatizing?ÓÊÊ
Alaska Airlines said it was Ògrateful for the professional handling of the situationÓ by the flight crew. The FBI also said it was investigating with support from the Federal Aviation Administration.
Emerson was initially employed by Horizon Air in 2001, and has also worked for Alaska Airlines and Virgin America.
A review of his mental state will be part of the investigation, aviation analysts said.
Emerson lives with his wife and young children in the Bay Area community of Pleasant Hill, where a neighbor said he was surprised by the allegations.
There are Òno indications of anything wrongÓ with him, Ed Yee said.
A bipartisan group of 33 attorneys general is suing Meta over addictive features aimed at kids and teens, according to a complaint filed Tuesday in a federal court in California. The support from so many state attorneys general of different political backgrounds indicates a significant legal challenge to MetaÕs business.
The lawsuit represents the latest legal challenge for the company and is another demonstration of the bipartisan priority that state law enforcers have placed on protecting kids and teens from online harm.

ItÕs also not the first time a broad coalition of state AGs have teamed up to go after Meta. In 2020, 48 states and territories sued the company on antitrust grounds, alongside a separate complaint from the Federal Trade Commission.
A spokesperson for Meta said in an emailed statement: ÒWe share the attorneys generalÕs commitment to providing teens with safe, positive experiences online, and have already introduced over 30 tools to support teens and their families. WeÕre disappointed that instead of working productively with companies across the industry to create clear, age-appropriate standards for the many apps teens use, the attorneys general have chosen this path.Ó
Meta designed its Facebook and Instagram products to keep young users on them for longer and repeatedly coming back, the attorneys generael allege. According to the federal complaint, Meta did this via the design of its algorithms, copious alerts, notifications and so-called infinite scroll through platform feeds. The company also includes features that the attorneys general allege negatively impact teensÕ mental health through social comparison or promoting body dysmorphia, such as ÒlikesÓ or photo filters.
The federal suit also accuses Meta of violating the ChildrenÕs Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) by collecting personal data on users under 13 without parental consent.
The states are seeking an end to what they see as MetaÕs harmful practices, as well as penalties and restitution.
Meta was well aware of the negative effects its design could have on its young users, the attorneys general allege.

Former Facebook employee Frances Haugencaused an uproar among lawmakers and parents in 2021 after leaking internal documents from the company that revealed internal research on its products. One set of documentsÊ [about InstagramÕs impact on teens found that Òthirty-two percent of teen girls said that when they felt bad about their bodies, Instagram made them feel worse,Ó The Wall Street Journalreported before Haugen made her identity known. Following the report, Instagram said it was working on ways to pull users away from dwelling on negative topics.
Several of the practices the attorneys general focus on for Meta are similar to those exercised by other social media businesses, such as designing algorithms to keep users engaged.
Among the states that filed the suit are California, Colorado, Louisiana, Nebraska, New York, South Carolina, Washington and Wisconsin

A dangerously thick Òsuper fogÓ that caused a huge vehicle pileup north of New Orleans on Monday was made worse by wildfires burning nearby, according to local officials.
Seven people were killed and more than two dozen others were injured in crashes involving at least 158 vehicles in the northbound and southbound lanes along a stretch of LouisianaÕs Interstate 55. An unusually dense layer of fog was partly to blame for the accidents, which left a mileslong trail of crumpled and charred vehicles.

The low-visibility conditions were known as a Òsuper fog,Ó which forms when moisture in the air mixes with smoke from burning brush, leaves and trees in swampy marshlands.
Super fog can lower visibility to less than 10 feet, with the most severe instances resulting in near-zero visibility, according to the National Weather Service.
ÒUnder light wind conditions, super fog meanders through low terrain areas such as creek beds or drainage ditches,Ó the agency said, adding that the thick fog can be very dangerous when it settles over highways.
The super fog in Louisiana was the thickest early Monday and had mostly lifted by that afternoon, though fog advisories remained over a small patch of the state into Tuesday.
Super fog conditions are unusual but do occur periodically in the South, where marsh fires, calm winds and humidity can combine to create thick veils of fog.
Multiple marsh fires have been burning in the area, according to the New Orleans branch of the weather service.

Local officials said Monday that dense fog was Òheavily impactingÓ parts of the interstate and urged people to avoid the area and exercise caution when getting around.
ÒDo not stop on the road when you encounter near zero visibility as this will cause an accident!Ó the weather service in New Orleans said. ÒInstead pull off to the shoulder or take the nearest exit to surface streets if you are on the interstate and are uncomfortable driving in the dense fog.Ó
Though they both reduce visibility, a super fog is different from smog, which occurs when air pollution interacts with fog to create hazy conditions that can cause serious health problems.
Most of Louisiana remains in the grips of extreme drought, making marsh fires more frequent and thus increasing the chances of developing super fog conditions.

HONOLULU (AP) Ñ All of West Maui except for burned-out sections of historic Lahaina will reopen to tourism on Nov. 1 following the deadliest U.S. wildfire in more than century, the mayor of Maui County said Monday.
Mayor Richard Bissen said he made the move after talking about it with his Lahaina advisory team, the Red Cross and other partners.

West Maui has about 11,000 hotel rooms, or about half of MauiÕs total. Travelers evacuated those hotels after the Aug. 8 fire raged through Lahaina town, killing at least 99 people and destroying more than 2,000 buildings.
Hawaii Gov. Josh Green last month declared West Maui would officially reopen to tourism on Oct. 8 to bring back badly needed jobs and help the economy recover. Bissen modified the governorÕs declaration with a phased plan, allowing a small section on the northern edge of West Maui to open first with the rest to follow at an undetermined date.
The community has had an impassioned debate about when to welcome travelers back to the disaster-stricken region. Some residents drafted a petition opposing the return of tourists, saying the community wasnÕt ready.
Bissen said Monday that workers are ready to return to their jobs while acknowledging Òthis isnÕt for everyone.Ó
Those who arenÕt prepared to go back to work on Nov. 1 should talk to their employers and Òcontinue to seek the help and attention that they need,Ó Bissen said at a news conference in Lahaina that was livestreamed online.

The mayor said many residents are also concerned about not having child care. He said the countyÕs partners are working on that issue.
Residents who have been staying in West Maui hotels and other short-term accommodations after losing their homes in the fire wonÕt lose their lodging, the mayor said.
ÒWeÕre assured by the Red Cross that their housing will not be in jeopardy,Ó Bissen said.
The mayor said the reopening schedule was voluntary and said some properties have already reopened on their own.

WASHINGTON Ñ Former President Donald Trump is seeking to toss the federal election obstruction case against him, arguing in court filings Monday that his actions are protected by the First Amendment and that he canÕt be tried again after being acquitted by the Senate in his impeachment trial.
In court filings filed shortly before midnight, lawyers for Trump argued that the charges against their client are legally faulty, noting CongressÕ unsuccessful efforts to impeach him in the final days of his presidency.

ÒThe United States Senate has previously tried and acquitted President Trump for charges arising from the same course of conduct alleged in the indictment, the impeachment and double jeopardy clauses both bar retrial before this Court and require dismissal,Ó the filing argues.
Special counsel Jack SmithÕs office in August indicted Trump on conspiracy charges to defraud the U.S. by claiming widespread election fraud in the 2020 election in an attempt to overturn Joe BidenÕs electoral victory.
The indictment accuses Trump of involvement in three criminal conspiracies: Òto defraud the United States by using dishonesty, fraud and deceitÓ to obstruct the electoral vote process; to Òimpede the January 6 congressional proceeding at which the collected results of the presidential election are counted and certified;Ó and Òagainst the right to vote and to have that vote counted.Ó
Ê[The first motion argues that the indictment should be dismissed on various constitutional grounds: First Amendment, double jeopardy and due process.
ÒThe First Amendment embraces and encourages exactly this kind of behavior, and therefore states in the clearest of terms that ÔCongress shall make no law É abridging the freedom of speech, É or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances,ÕÓ they wrote in the first motion. ÒThe indictment, taken as true, violates this core principle as to each count. Accordingly, the Court should dismiss the indictment in its entirety.Ó

ÒThe ConstitutionÕs plain text, structural principles of separation of powers, our history and tradition, and principles of Double Jeopardy bar the Executive Branch from seeking to re-charge and re-try a President who has already been impeached and acquitted in a trial before the U.S. Senate,Ó they added.
In the second motion, Trump lawyer John Lauro argues the indictment should be dismissed because the prosecution failed to actually lay out how Trump violated the four statutes heÕs charged under.
ÓThe prosecution does not explain how President Trump violated these statutes, beyond simply saying he has while regurgitating the statutory language,Ó Lauro writes. ÒAs explained herein, the reason the prosecution employed this tactic is plain Ñ President Trump did not violate the charged statutes, even accepting the prosecutionÕs false allegations as true.Ó
The third motion argues the indictment should be dismissed because Trump is being selectively and vindictively prosecuted.

ÒThis case, urged by Biden when many prosecutors and agents appropriately saw no basis for it, is a straightforward retaliatory response to President TrumpÕs decisions as Commander In Chief in 2020, his exercising his constitutional rights to free speech and to petition for the redress of grievances, and his decision to run for political office,Ó Lauro wrote.
In the third motion, Lauro also asks U.S. District JudgeÊ [Tanya Chutkan to set a hearing date to explore these allegations.
ÒHere, at minimum, BidenÕs statements from the White House and leaked accounts of flaws in the underlying investigation require additional fact finding before these arguments can be resolved,Ó he wrote.
Separately, Trump also [ filed a motion to strike references to the Jan. 6 Capitol attack from the indictment, arguing that such references are Òprejudicial and inflammatoryÓ since prosecutors donÕt directly blame Trump for the violence.
ÒBecause the Government has not charged President Trump with responsibility for the actions at the Capitol on January 6, 2021, allegations related to these actions are not relevant and are prejudicial and inflammatory,Ó Trump attorneys Todd Blanche, John Lauro, Emil Bove and Gregory Singer wrote. ÒTherefore, the Court should strike these allegations from the Indictment.Ó
The motions were filed weeks after TrumpÕs legal team argued in a court filing that he should be shielded from prosecution in the 2020 election interference case because of presidential immunity, claiming his efforts to overturn his election loss and remain in the White House were at Òthe heart of his official responsibilities as President.Ó
TrumpÕs lawyers refuted the special counselÕs claim that ÒPresident TrumpÕs motives were impure Ñ that he purportedly ÔknewÕ that the widespread reports of fraud and election irregularities were untrue.Ó They argued that Òhundreds of years of history and traditionÓ show that itÕs unreasonable for prosecutors or judges to decide the presidentÕs motivations.
TrumpÕs actions Òare within the ambit of his office, and he is absolutely immune from prosecution,Ó TrumpÕs lawyers wrote in the court filing, citing a 1982 Supreme Court decision that involved former President Richard Nixon.
A trial date in the federal election interference case isÊ set for March 4, coinciding with the Republican presidential primaries and the day before Super Tuesday.

Eight children who were abducted from Arkansas were found in the parking lot of a restaurant in California over the weekend, according to police, who said they arrested the childrenÕs mother.
Trista Fullerton, 36, is accused of kidnapping her children from their foster homes after she lost her custodial rights, the Anderson Police Department in California said in a news release.

Fullerton, of Rogers, Arkansas, remains behind bars at the Shasta County Jail in Redding, California. ItÕs not clear if she has an attorney who can speak on her behalf.
Anderson police were called to the parking lot around 12:30 a.m. Saturday after a person saw a Òwoman displaying bizarre behavior.Ó A welfare check requested for her and the six children with her. The family was found to be Òassociated withÓ a Dodge pickup truck with an Arkansas license plate, the news release states.
Officers learned that Fullerton had a felony warrant for her arrest in Arkansas for the abduction of eight children. She was taken into custody and through an interview, police learned that the other two children were at a home in the area of Cottonwood, California. The Shasta County SheriffÕs Office helped retrieve the two children from the home.
All eight children were placed in the care of the Shasta County Children and Family Services and will be reunited with their guardians in Arkansas, authorities said. ItÕs not clear when they were allegedly abducted.

Former Trump lawyer Jenna Ellis pleaded guilty Tuesday morning in the Georgia election interference case, becoming the fourth co-defendant toÊ [accept a plea dealÊ instead of going to trial.
Ellis pleaded guilty in court to aiding and abetting false statements and writings.

The conditions of the plea agreement include the requirements that she serve five years of probation, pay $5,000 of restitution to the Georgia secretary of state within 30 days, and testify at hearings or trials in the case.
Ellis is also required to complete 100 hours of community service and write an apology letter to the citizens of the state of Georgia. Ellis also agreed to provide any requested documents or evidence, not post about the case on social media and not have any communication with any witnesses or the media until the case has been closed.
Ellis was Donald TrumpÕs senior legal adviser from early 2019 until shortly after he left office in January 2021 and was part of the legal team that advised him as he sought to overturn the 2020 presidential election results.Ê
Prosecutors said Tuesday that Ellis participated in a December 2020 meeting in which Rudy Giuliani and other Trump lawyers made false statements in an effort to disregard the certified results of the presidential election in Georgia and to get fake presidential electors appointed. They said Ellis was also involved in similar false statements in other states, including in Arizona, Michigan and Pennsylvania.Ê
Ellis became emotional in court Tuesday, tearing up as she delivered brief remarks about how she regrets her experience representing Trump.
ÒAs an attorney who is also a Christian, I take my responsibilities as a lawyer very seriously and I endeavor to be a person of sound, moral and ethical character in all of my dealings. In the wake of the 2020 presidential election, I believed that challenging the results on behalf of President Trump should be pursued in a just and legal way. I endeavored to represent my client to the best of my ability. I relied on others, including lawyers with many more years of experience than I, to provide me with true and reliable information, especially since my role involved speaking to the media and to legislators in various states,Ó Ellis said.

Former Trump lawyer Jenna Ellis pleaded guilty Tuesday morning in the Georgia election interference case, becoming the fourth co-defendant to accept a plea deal instead of going to trial.
Ellis pleaded guilty in court to aiding and abetting false statements and writings.

The conditions of the plea agreement include the requirements that she serve five years of probation, pay $5,000 of restitution to the Georgia secretary of state within 30 days, and testify at hearings or trials in the case.
Ellis is also required to complete 100 hours of community service and write an apology letter to the citizens of the state of Georgia. Ellis also agreed to provide any requested documents or evidence, not post about the case on social media and not have any communication with any witnesses or the media until the case has been closed.
Ellis was Donald TrumpÕs senior legal adviser from early 2019 until shortly after he left office in January 2021 and was part of the legal team that advised him as he sought to overturn the 2020 presidential election results.Ê
Prosecutors said Tuesday that Ellis participated in a December 2020 meeting in which Rudy Giuliani and other Trump lawyers made false statements in an effort to disregard the certified results of the presidential election in Georgia and to get fake presidential electors appointed. They said Ellis was also involved in similar false statements in other states, including in Arizona, Michigan and Pennsylvania.Ê
Ellis became emotional in court Tuesday, tearing up as she delivered brief remarks about how she regrets her experience representing Trump.
ÒAs an attorney who is also a Christian, I take my responsibilities as a lawyer very seriously and I endeavor to be a person of sound, moral and ethical character in all of my dealings. In the wake of the 2020 presidential election, I believed that challenging the results on behalf of President Trump should be pursued in a just and legal way. I endeavored to represent my client to the best of my ability. I relied on others, including lawyers with many more years of experience than I, to provide me with true and reliable information, especially since my role involved speaking to the media and to legislators in various states,Ó Ellis said.

Former Trump lawyer Jenna Ellis pleaded guilty Tuesday morning in the Georgia election interference case, becoming the fourth co-defendant to accept a plea deal instead of going to trial.
Ellis pleaded guilty in court to aiding and abetting false statements and writings.

The conditions of the plea agreement include the requirements that she serve five years of probation, pay $5,000 of restitution to the Georgia secretary of state within 30 days, and testify at hearings or trials in the case.
Ellis is also required to complete 100 hours of community service and write an apology letter to the citizens of the state of Georgia. Ellis also agreed to provide any requested documents or evidence, not post about the case on social media and not have any communication with any witnesses or the media until the case has been closed.
Ellis was Donald TrumpÕs senior legal adviser from early 2019 until shortly after he left office in January 2021 and was part of the legal team that advised him as he sought to overturn the 2020 presidential election results.Ê
Prosecutors said Tuesday that Ellis participated in a December 2020 meeting in which Rudy Giuliani and other Trump lawyers made false statements in an effort to disregard the certified results of the presidential election in Georgia and to get fake presidential electors appointed. They said Ellis was also involved in similar false statements in other states, including in Arizona, Michigan and Pennsylvania.Ê
Ellis became emotional in court Tuesday, tearing up as she delivered brief remarks about how she regrets her experience representing Trump.
ÒAs an attorney who is also a Christian, I take my responsibilities as a lawyer very seriously and I endeavor to be a person of sound, moral and ethical character in all of my dealings. In the wake of the 2020 presidential election, I believed that challenging the results on behalf of President Trump should be pursued in a just and legal way. I endeavored to represent my client to the best of my ability. I relied on others, including lawyers with many more years of experience than I, to provide me with true and reliable information, especially since my role involved speaking to the media and to legislators in various states,Ó Ellis said.

Former Trump lawyer Jenna Ellis pleaded guilty Tuesday morning in the Georgia election interference case, becoming the fourth co-defendant toÊ [accept a plea deal instead of going to trial.
Ellis pleaded guilty in court to aiding and abetting false statements and writings.

The conditions of the plea agreement include the requirements that she serve five years of probation, pay $5,000 of restitution to the Georgia secretary of state within 30 days, and testify at hearings or trials in the case.
Ellis is also required to complete 100 hours of community service and write an apology letter to the citizens of the state of Georgia. Ellis also agreed to provide any requested documents or evidence, not post about the case on social media and not have any communication with any witnesses or the media until the case has been closed.
Ellis was Donald TrumpÕs senior legal adviser from early 2019 until shortly after he left office in January 2021 and was part of the legal team that advised him as he sought to overturn the 2020 presidential election results.Ê
Prosecutors said Tuesday that Ellis participated in a December 2020 meeting in which Rudy Giuliani and other Trump lawyers made false statements in an effort to disregard the certified results of the presidential election in Georgia and to get fake presidential electors appointed. They said Ellis was also involved in similar false statements in other states, including in Arizona, Michigan and Pennsylvania.Ê
Ellis became emotional in court Tuesday, tearing up as she delivered brief remarks about how she regrets her experience representing Trump.
ÒAs an attorney who is also a Christian, I take my responsibilities as a lawyer very seriously and I endeavour to be a person of sound, moral and ethical character in all of my dealings. In the wake of the 2020 presidential election, I believed that challenging the results on behalf of President Trump should be pursued in a just and legal way. I endeavored to represent my client to the best of my ability. I relied on others, including lawyers with many more years of experience than I, to provide me with true and reliable information, especially since my role involved speaking to the media and to legislators in various states,Ó Ellis said.

