I get the prettier thoughts when I’m laying down and I get to see a good ass cleared
blue-ish that starts to turn yellow getting ready to cease the day as the earth gives us
an amazing sunset we’ll fill our camera rolls with pictures of them to then see it 100x
on instagram stories
I find it cute how we all felt something different by seeing it,
we were all in the same city, different pov’s for each one, some accompanied, some
alone, some breathing deeply and some anxiously grasping the last rays of the sun
for the day, the sky connects us all in the appreciation of beauty.
And I think that’s beautiful.
Rainy days are good too, I like when the sky cry cause I can’t so I just look up and
say: “yeah, same”.
Also, if I hadn’t gotten used to it I would be miserable in raincouver and as all my
toxic attachments I’ve started to love something that gets me wet but defines my
emotional state depending on the day: rainy weather.
I started loving them and realizing how strange it is we just go through life without
thinking how important rain is and how when you intention your already forced walk
to the bus stop into water cleansing your energy is a game changer and good shift in
focus instead of complaining the cloud cycle you moany little b.
-
as i’m sitting having brunch with my friend’s friends i realize i’m coming back from a
disassociation - they have been talking about weddings and mothers in law for like
20 minutes.
i have nothing to say in this conversation.
i have no intent of getting married nor i have a mother in law, let alone someone who
i’d like to meet their mom.
since i got here i’ve been uncomfortable, none of these girls and i have something in
common besides being cam’s bday, they are all dressed with leather blazers and
high platform boots - they could go to a business meeting or a club after this as far
as i know
i feel more and more uncomfortable as the conversation goes on - i disassociate
again
asking myself what it is about this whole situation that produces this emotions in me,
is it jealousy because i don’t have a relationship? i haven’t had one in a while, but
i’ve tried to, i’ve tried so hard to give my heart and body away to the first person who
considers it a “possible valuable” and somehow, feeling worthless every time at the
end, each time more.
why i am getting annoyed of them already knowing how they want to have their
weddings? how are they so sure they’ll have someone who wants that too with
them?
it clicked.
i’ve felt hard to love since i remember, my needs and wants are always placed last,
by me.
i don’t want to cause any trouble and I hate feeling like a burden, i don’t feel worthy
of expressing that i want to love someone with all my heart because every-time i do i
just get a sting in the ego and a gap of 4-6 months of getting better after the
heartache and before the next one.
it makes me uncomfortable to know that i could be in that mental place, somewhere
where i know someone will go with me to bali to get married, someone will go
wherever, whenever with me just to be with me.
i didn’t hear a single word of doubt. this girls know what they’re doing while they
drink their overpriced box orange juice ruining their lipstick while i’m here, sitting at
the corner feeling shitty not only by the fact that i’m wearing work clothes because i
decided to become independent and not ask my dad for a dime since i been living by
myself, not only because i’ve always felt like i couldn’t, like it was a burden even
when it’s my dad and the only man who should give me security.
i always thought i would cry in my dad’s arms when a guy broke my heart, but i can
tell by know i’ll be crying in some dude’s arms because of my dad, my mom, and all
the aftermath of my traumas and relationships with them.
but there’s no one there. ever. there hasn’t been a single one. because i have to put
this stupid happy smiley face that will not make anybody else more uncomfortable.
-
I go through life looking for dualities.
Being equally grateful for both,
Light and darkness
Comfortable and uncomfortable emotions
Good and bad hair days
The list of dualities is infinite but you get the point.
If there was no dualities we would not realize the value of both sides of a spectrum of
anything.
Richness wouldn’t be richness if there was no poverty to compare it to.
But as beautiful dualities are, differences on the other side, they hurt and cause
issues, issues everywhere.
I’m talking about having differences with people, people you love, people you want to
be connected to and in the same page as you.
Differences come up and become a problem when you expect the other to see
things from the same side of the spectrum of duality.
And how come it is that some dualities are so important to be shared from the same
standpoint are nonnegotiable.
How open a relationship can be is a duality itself.
-
Today I miss you more than usual days.
You’re constantly in my mind and it seems like you never left my heart.
I won’t ask you to come back cause that won’t help what’s helpless, it is that
sometimes the sun-ray you used to be in my grayest days seems to be the only thing
I need.
I miss hugging you so hard in the intent to get your broken pieces together one more
time. I long how we fixed each other while trying to avoid realizing we were broken.
Did I break you? Or did we break each other? Or maybe we were just 2 broken
people playing puzzles with one another?
I still remember the day I met you, just as the day you left. That whole in my chest
still aches as I write this because between the game of putting our pieces together, I
took and kept some of yours, and I know you took some as well cause there are still
pieces I’m missing and casually, those are the spots where you hurt the most.
This is me trying to tell you how much I miss you, hoping this is the last time I need
to express it; because honestly, there are days I just hope you’ll disappear from my
thoughts just the way you did from my life.
And I’m grateful, for all the small things of you that stayed in me, for the big secrets I
carry with me along the way, for the dry lessons and candid sleepless nights.
Keeping my word, I wish you all the best, today and always.
-
Body.
Oh! our body.
Cage or temple.
Home or jail.
Headquarters of our mind and soul.
Today, this text is for my beautiful, strong and powerful temple.
I wish I was able to say this before but: I’m sorry for all the times I wished you were
different, I’m sorry for all the times I called you ugly and made you feel my unsolved
processes.
I’m sorry I didn’t see your true value before.
You’ve given me warmth when I’ve needed it, you’ve given me calm when I trust your
instincts, you’ve kept me alive and moving constantly.
You’ve taken me places, you’ve let me hug, touch and feel the people I love, you’ve
let me express with the dances and music we move to…
I’m so blessed to be in this, my beautiful home, body.
There still are days (more than I wish I had) that I wonder why are you the way that
you are, and wonder why is there still a part that doesn’t click for me, even though I
love you.
But I’m glad to be alive and have the opportunity to love you everyday.
Thank you for everything you do.
-
Mind.
It’s funny how we think we know.
Funny how we think we'll never change our point of view on some things like the
apple juice is better than the orange one.
Funny how we are so full of ourselves thinking we know more than enough.
But then, one morning orange juice tastes better, one day you enjoy a cold day after
hating on winter for 15 years of your life, one day you’re just not the same person
that used to drink apple juice on a warm day.
And that’s our mind.
Our mind that looks for constant transformation, constant evolution, with or without
our consent.
The mind that lifts us up but is also the guardian of our deepest fears same that pull
us down. And there we go through life thinking we know who we are.
Creating realities that make us suffer less or more, depending on how’s our mind
directed.
Convincing us that we might not be good enough for that job interview, or convince
you there’s no one that can be better at this position than you, convincing us we can
do everything, or nothing.
Imagine working to feed your mind with knowledge and interest in being better.
Imagine respecting your mind just as much as you respect your body when you
decide to eat clean instead of those fries from McDonald's that sound as good as
they are.
Funny how we choose to spend our energy on our body just to look nice for the
"summer body" we're supposed to have, instead of focusing energy on things like
what would make you happy today? What would you like to learn? what would you
like to remember from today? 20 years from now… how do you feel about yourself?
Because one day we’ll look back to where we come form, and realized how much
we’ve come across and how our mind has evolved, how you decide not to hate on
people anymore because through time you’ve healed those wounds, how you were
often looking for who to fight instead of fulfilling that anger with care and
understanding on yourself…
We often don’t realize you are all you have, someday everything and everyone will
be gone, we should learn to be best friends with our own mind, instead of constantly
try to change it.
Be kind to yourself and learn to be in peace with that only voice that knows how you
choose to transform, embrace your mind, nurture it and love yourself in the process.
-
Soul 2.
Out of the 3 texts I planned on writing this is by far the hardest one.
What am I supposed to say about souls?
What do we even know about it?
I know I have one…
Or… am I one?
I don’t know.
But I do know that it makes me move, it keeps me full of surprises and joy.
It allows me to express in ways I might not understand, but somehow those
expressions nurture me in ways I can’t quite explain.
Sometimes I can tell when I’m entering “the zone” (if you know, you know) when I get
the good kind of goosebumps in my skin when I’m about to do something I know I’ll
remember forever, I know it’s my soul when I look in the eyes at my people and I feel
how much I love them, when I stop for a second to enjoy the little things around
me…
Sometimes we don’t realize how small we are, how we are just a nothingness in
space, and yet we decide to hate instead of feeding our input of energy with love and
knowledge.
On the other hand, I like to think there are no bad souls, just lost ones, the beauty
behind souls is that they’re supposed to be forever, so if you feel lost, you have a
lifetime to figure out what you’re missing and make it right for you.
I’ve been into energy stuff for quite a few years, from learning a bit of theta healing to
connecting to angels and reading tons of stuff on how to make your soul guide you to
your higher self and shit, dude, it’s so much information; I don’t even know how to
create a concept that we all understand, but one of the greatest things about souls
are that everyone has a complete different meaning to it, a different relationship, a
different opinion about it and in this world filled with tons of people with different
backgrounds; so today I decided I would like to learn what soul means to people,
what does your soul means to you? What is it?
How do you perceive energy?
How do you heal?
Just, tell me everything.
My message box is open, as always.
I’m not gonna lie to you.
Before I told you that I would start writing this I was already thinking about writing
this.
You’re an interesting character, and I thought it’ll be fun to analyze you, or at least
try.
Now that you’re going to read it, the pressure is rising.
Just to let you know in advance that I’m sorry if I misjudge something that is not the
way I see it.
On one hand, it’s going to be hard since I just have 10 days to analyze someone
who doesn’t like to be analyzed and I’m guessing is not used to it, and on the other
hand, I’m going to enjoy observing you and being able to put it in my own words.
I don’t kn ow, maybe I’m just putting a lot of effort in this.
I want you to know 2 things:
1. This is just from my perspective and point of view.
2. I’m going to do my best with my English so you don’t get me wrong and we are on
the same page.
Everything started because I said that you project a “flirty” vibe, there’s some
“sexiness” in you.
It may be your eyes, but I’m sure that you get that a lot, so I tried to figure it out and
look a bit deeper on it, turns out that your eyes are the last thing that makes you
have that vibe, it’s the way you walk, the way you roll your sleeves when you talk.
Another intangible sexy thing about you is your knowledge and your wisdom.
There’s nothing hotter than a man that knows a bit of everything.
I’m not calling you sexy, tho.
It’s just a vibe.
There are thousands of things that I don’t know about you, for sure, but I’d like to
know, how many things you don’t know about yourself?
Because I know that “I’m I child” and during my 19 years of experience with
teachers, you have many things that I can tell for sure.
Like, you like being surrounded by young people because that gives you a sensation
of not growing that old.
You just get a non-stop loop of young generations waiting to absorb your knowledge
and when you put your spice on that, seeing your students understand the way you
see things through their experience makes you unconsciously feel that your living
that feeling again and again.
Being in Canada has taught me lots of things, one of them is: every decision we
made by ourselves, (or at least most of them) is taken by our not-solved-yet traumas.
I haven’t met your traumas yet, and I don’t know if I ever will, but I can tell that your
level of consciousness on healing is amazing.
Something that caught my attention was how romantic you are, there’s no need of
having a woman in your life to be in love with when you’re already in love with the life
itself.
I can tell by many things that you cannot resist showing:
How you want to speak about love in many languages, how you express about how
beautiful is everything and how “possible” is something that you truly desire.
You’re passionate, smart, caring and random as hell.
Which is cool.
If somebody ever asked me: “Hey, Paola, how would you describe Dushantyanta
with just one word?”
I would say: /free/.
Cause that’s what you are.
You’re free.
You’re full of energy, you’re like a kid even when you say that I’m the child here.
Something tells me that you want to leave a sort of legacy, everyplace you like to
make it your own, all this pics with your shoes in there, it is like a secret you share,
you know what happens in the places you go but it’s just like if you wished to make a
mystery out of it at the same time.
You like to play games, you like the challenges, just as you told me.
But until what point?
When is it enough for you, or when is it too much for you?
Day 2 writing this.
This is harder than what I thought, you may be able to read people like an open book
even when they don’t want but ok, fine, I have a purpose and this is now my
commitment to finish this.
I had to go through your Instagram, (I didn’t want to) cause I thought that having you
5 days a week in front of me are enough but it turns out you are a wizard or
something! The power must be in your eyes, I don’t find any other logical explanation
to understand what you do the way you can.
I know you’re a photographer, and the minimum details may caught your attention.
Day 3 writing this.
I’m done trying to tell you want you want to hear, you know why?
Cause that’s not me, at all.
I hope you’re not thinking “omg, this girl is so intense.” But guess what? I am.
And I know that having feelings for you might be wrong, since you’re not ever
breaking the “ethics” and it’s fine, I truly respect that.
So if I’m getting clean of how I feel about you, here it goes:
I have feelings for you, you’re cute, I love your eyes and your hair, I love your way of
talking when you read poetry, and I’m sorry if you feel awkward I just think it’s
important that you know that somebody actually notices that details that you think
nobody does.
I admire you, and I respect you.
I could finish this by saying how my lips feel whenever I’m around you but I’m just
gonna cut it off since I feel you’re already scared by now.
And to be honest, (you can correct me if I’m wrong) but I wouldn’t feel this as strong
as I feel it if we didn’t have the connection that we have. It’s not that intense. But
there’s something.
Paola you’re losing your mind, shut up already.